AHHH FUCK ITS BURNING THE MENU IS BURNING WTF IS WRONG WITH IT REEEEEEEEE




Someoone keeps changing this so lets all gve them a colledctive FUCK OFF, and yes i like my bbgadb grammar pls no change these stuff only muh 
cheat menu for dumb stuff like indents thanks :) uwu




WELL nvm, just updated it lol. I removed the last hack that I couldn't get. From now on all hacks are ganna work, unless one stops working,
in which case DM me!




I'ma not update the hack menu for a bit, but dont worry! I'm not stopping! All but 1 of the hacks work, so it should be good for now.




Well, except for a couple of hacks (check WorkingOn.txt) the entire menu now works! As of such, I will start adding more hacks,
and the hacks that currently dont work should work in a couple of days.




WOW!!! 90% of hacks are working now, I'll get the rest fixed soon, and now whenever a hack is added it will work! This hack menu is completely usable!!!




Tomorrow, I will be reomving unneeded hacks and hacks that are never going to work, and then I'll finish adding the hcaks and it should be done!
Estimated done date: JUNE 28TH, 2020.
Oh ye also by done I mean completely usable. I will be updating this for a while, don't worry!




I just put in a bunch of hacks, and it just went to 500 lines! yay!




Forgot to put in the hacks today, will do tomorrow.




Something weird happened and now according to GitHub there have been over 560 commits... wow...




Holy crap. guys! 300 commits on this! This is the most time I've ever spent on something and it's STILL SHIT! lmao




Bookmarklet Time!!! Yay!!!




Today I will be adding some more hacks in, so stay tuned!




FIXED REFERENCE ERROR! Thanks Mustan!




I'm now working on putting in the hacks!




Wow over 200 commits on this, lol




This takes a while guys, dont rush me pls :(




Woo! We just hit 100 commits on this!




Due to Will making a rewrite, I will be trying to complete this menu a little sooner than before.




Do you guys have any hack suggestions? I could use them!




Just hit over 200 lines, and about to hit 100 commits, Yay!
